Remove root, add delegation hashes to the snapshot metadata (#40)
theupdateframework/specification: tuf-spec.md

* **4.4. File formats: snapshot.json**

   The snapshot.json file is signed by the snapshot role. It lists the version
   numbers, and optionally the size, of all metadata on the repository,

>    excluding root.json, timestamp.json and mirrors.json. For delegated roles,

Reviewer: Hashes SHOULD be OPTIONAL for the top-level and all delegated targets roles.

Reviewer: No, hashes are optional now for the top-level targets and delegated targets roles. You might like to list hashes for a particular use case (see Section 5.6).

* **4.4. File formats: snapshot.json**

   The snapshot.json file is signed by the snapshot role.  It lists the version

>    numbers of all metadata on the repository, excluding root.json, timestamp.json and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   numbers of only the top-level and all delegated targets role metadata.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we make this even clearer? I read your change as "top-level roles and delegated targets roles", which would mean all roles, which is not what we want. What about...

```suggestion
   numbers of only the top-level targets and all delegated targets role metadata.
```

>    mirrors.json.  The metadata length and hashes are OPTIONAL for the top-level and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The metadata length and hashes are OPTIONAL for the top-level and
```

Reviewer 2: Same as above. 

```suggestion
   The metadata length and hashes are OPTIONAL for the top-level targets and
```

   METAFILES is an object whose format is the following:

       { METAPATH : {
             "version" : VERSION,
             ("length" : LENGTH, |
              "hashes" : HASHES) }
         , ...
       }

   METAPATH is the metadata file's path on the repository relative to the
   metadata base URL.

>    VERSION is listed for all roles available on the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   VERSION is listed for the top-level and all delegated targets roles available on the repository.
```

Reviewer 2: Same as above. 

```suggestion
   VERSION is listed for the top-level targets and all delegated targets roles available on the repository.
```

   METAFILES is an object whose format is the following:

       { METAPATH : {
             "version" : VERSION,
             "length" : LENGTH,

>              "hashes" : HASHES,

Reviewer: SHOULD be OPTIONAL, per comment above.

>              ("custom" : { ... }) }

Reviewer: There is no custom targets metadata for the snapshot role.
